Once upon a time not so long ago
Tommy used to work on the docks, union's been on strike
He's down on his luck... it's tough, so tough
Gina works the diner all day
Working for her man, she brings home her pay
For love, for love
She says we've got to hold on to what we've got
It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not
We've got each other and that's a lot for love
We'll give it a shot
Woah, we're half way there
Woah, livin' on a prayer
Take my hand, we'll make it, I swear
Tommy's got his six string in hock
Now he's holding in what he used to make it talk
So tough, it's tough
Gina dreams of running away
When she cries in the night
Tommy whispers, "Baby, it's okay, someday..."
We've got to hold on to what we've got
It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not
We've got each other and that's a lot for love
We'll give it a shot
Woah, we're half way there
Woah, livin' on a prayer
Take my hand, we'll make it, I swear
Livin' on a prayer
Ooh, we've got to hold on, ready or not
You live for the fight when that's all that you've got
Woah, we're half way there
Woah, livin' on a prayer
Take my hand, we'll make it, I swear
Woah, we're half way there
Woah, livin' on a prayer
Take my hand, we'll make it, I swear
Woah, we're half way there
Woah, livin' on a prayer
Take my hand, we'll make it, I swear
Woah, livin' on a prayer (fade out)